Add GraphQL Changes to 2201.5.0 Release Note (#6626)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.5.0 /RELEASE_NOTE.md

- Added parallel execution support for GraphQL resolvers.
- Allowed adding a single interceptor without creating an array.
- Skipped additional validation for unused operations in the GraphQL document.

> - Added support for exiting the listener when panic occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for exiting the listener when a panic occurrs.
```

> - Added support for exiting the listener when a panic occurs.

Reviewer 2: This wording does not express the idea correctly. This sounds like a feature, but it is not. It's a change of behavior. @praneesha can we re-word this?

Reviewer: Shall we say `Improved the listener behavior to exit when a panic occurrs.`?

Reviewer 2: +1
